- [Nana K.] It's hard to
explain,
but when I was small I
never thought of my mom
as anything other than my mom.
Teachers were just teachers,
and cops were just cops.
That's all I thought they were.
But celebrities were
celebrities.
They were different from me.
They lived in a world
I knew nothing about.
And I still thought that way,
even at 20.
(upbeat rock music)
- [Takumi] Man, I'm totally
surprised.
I mean, what are the chances.
- I know.
Surprised doesn't even begin
to describe how I'm feeling
right now.
- So where should we go?
Is it okay for you to stay out
late?
Tomorrow's Saturday, so I'm
guessing you got the day off.
- Oh yeah.
Is this really happening to me?
- Relax. You don't have to be
so nervous.
- Right. I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry.
- Hey, you don't have
to apologize. It's fine.
- Yeah, but I really
don't know what to say.
- Okay, now you're startin'
to make me feel a little
nervous.
- What? How come?
- Well, because I never
expected in my wildest dreams
that we'd be meeting
up like this.
I just wasn't prepared for it.
- Wait, that's the kinda
thing I should be saying.
- I was just thinkin' how
nice it'd be to see you again.
- Ah, no way. I
don't believe you.
- No, really, it's true.
Why else would I have
found out your number
and given you a call?
I don't make the effort
to call people very often.
- [Nana K.] This has got to
be a dream.
Things like this just
don't happen in real life.
And even if they do, they
would never, ever happen to me.
(Nana K. gasping)
(seatbelt zipping)
(deep sentimental music)
(car horn honking)
- Green already.
These stop lights are so
impatient.
And so am I.
- [Nana O.] Forget about
Takumi, he's a total player.
- [Nana K.] That kiss
was like out of a dream,
but really all it did
was wake me up from one.
This is no fairy tale, and
Takumi isn't a handsome prince.
This is nothing more than
a one night stand for him.
- Wait here for a second.
(soft pensive music)
(footsteps clicking)
- [Nana K.] What should
I do? Get out of here?
I didn't plan for this
to happen.
- [Woman] Hey,
isn't that guy from Trapnest?
- [Man] Yeah, cool. He's
so tall.
- [Nana K.] Then why did I
even get
in the car with him?
He'd never seriously consider
going out
with someone like me.
I'm not stupid.
I knew what going off to have
dinner with him might lead to.
Maybe a part of me was
hoping for this.
But why am I hesitating?
This is a once in a
lifetime chance.
I don't have a boyfriend, so
there's no need to feel guilty.
I should just go for it
and cherish the memory
for the rest of my life.
(hand clapping)
(Nana K. gasping)
- [Takumi] Sorry I kept
you waiting.
(elevator dinging)
(woman gasping)
- He's from Trapnest!
- What, you mean Ren?
- [Woman] No, the guy with the
long hair.
- [Nana K.] They saw us, and
he had his arm around me.
What if the paparazzi, the
tabloids, the talk shows.
- [Takumi] I'm hungry.
- Um, uh, Mr. Takumi?
- Mr.? What's with that?
You usually just call me Takumi.
- Well usually, yeah,
but that's not the point.
I don't wanna get all weird,
but do you really want everyone
to see you taking girls
up to your room?
What are they gonna think?
I mean, shouldn't you
at least do something
to try and be a little
less obvious?
- You mean I should wear
some sort of disguise?
No way. If I did that,
I'd stick out even more.
(Nana K. laughing)
- It might suit you.
But seriously, I'm not joking.
- It's okay. Don't worry.
The paparazzi don't
usually bother themselves
with any of us.
We try not to deal too
much with the media,
that way we can still
lead a fairly normal life
without bein' recognized.
- Are you kidding?
Everyone knows Trapnest,
you guys are really famous.
- I guess they'd recognize
Reira.
Maybe she should
try the disguise.
- I think all four of you are
just as famous as each other.
- [Takumi] That's only
'cause you're a fan.
- Huh?
- A lot of people seem
to recognize Ren too,
but now he and I are just the
blonde guy
and the dude with long hair.
- No, that's not true.
To me you're easily
the best Tak...
(elevator dinging)
He must think I'm a complete
idiot, and an easy lay.
Maybe that's the kinda girl
I am.
With everything I've
been through,
I thought I'd become more
cautious when it came to men.
But nothing has changed since
that summer when I was 17.
I just want to enjoy the
moment for what it is.
And I won't worry about
what happens tomorrow.
Oh my God. This place is huge.
And there're even two rooms.
It's like we're in a palace.
Is this one of those
pent house suites?
- So, does that mean
you like the room?
(knees thumping)
- I could die a happy
woman right here and now.
It's almost like I've gone to
heaven.
- If you're gonna die on
me, at least do it in bed.
(Nana K. gasping)
But first, let's call room
service and get somethin' to
eat.
(bright upbeat music)
Get whatever you want.
- Huh?
We're gonna order the food,
then eat it here in the room?
- Yeah, but we can go out if you
prefer.
- No.
I've always dreamed of having
room service
in a hotel like this.
- I hear the duck is one
of their specialties.
- The duck? I don't think
I've ever had duck before.
- Really? It's good. I
think you'll like it.
What about foie gras?
- I've never had that
either. Sounds great.
- Let's get some caviar too.
- Oh, yay!
- While we wait, why
don't you take a shower?
Make yourself comfortable.
There's a spare bathrobe
in there that you can use.
- Yeah, sure. My own bathrobe?
He's totally at home here.
Oh, this stuff's expensive.
I should snag them.
(water splashing)
I bet there are dumb girls who
go after Takumi all the time.
I'm probably just one in
a long line of conquests.
As long as I know what
I'm getting myself into,
there's no harm in me living
out a dream for one night,
is there?
(sparkly music)
This is so good.
- Isn't it?
But you know something, Nana,
the food you cooked for us the
other night was even better.
- I bet you say that to all the
girls.
- No, I really mean it.
When we're away on tour
we eat out all the time
and I get so sick of it.
- So I guess you guys
are hitting the road again
tomorrow, huh?
Are you sure you've got
time to hang out with me?
- Oh yeah, it's cool.
We gotta leave super early in
the morning,
so it's hardly worth goin' to
bed,
but you're welcome to stay here
and sleep in as late
as you want.
- [Nana K.] What?
He's gonna leave.
- Oh, come on Nana,
don't look so sad.
It'll be hard for me to leave.
- Oh, right. I'm sorry.
It's okay, really.
I mean, it's not like I expected
to wake up in the morning
and find you lying there
next to me or something.
(Nana K. chuckling softly)
(cutlery clinking softly)
- Hey, you know when the tour's
over
first thing I'll do is come and
see you.
Maybe you can cook me up
something good.
- [Nana K.] I shouldn't
fall for this.
No, I'm okay. I'm not that
stupid. I'm not 17 anymore.
That was delicious, thank you.
- If you don't mind, I think
I'm gonna go take a shower.
Why don't you warm up while
you're waiting for me?
- You really are impatient,
aren't you?
Can't exactly run away
after stuffing myself
with all this food, so go
ahead and take your time.
I wonder how many girls Takumi
seduced
by bringing them up to
his room like this.
Why would he want a plain,
ordinary girl like me
when he can have
whoever he wants?
I gotta warm up. I gotta warm
up.
(phone chiming)
My phone.
Should I just turn it off?
090? Who's that?
Hi, this is Nana.
- Hachiko.
It's getting late. I've
been worried about you.
Do you know what time it
is? Where the hell are you?
- Nana? Where are you calling
from?
Whose phone is that?
- Mine, all mine.
- [Nana K.] You finally bought
one?
- Nah, Ren gave it to
me. He forced me into it.
- [Nana K.] Really? That's
great.
- To be honest, I haven't
got a clue how to use it.
Like how do you text message?
- [Nana K.] Didn't it come with
a manual?
- It's way too long.
I don't wanna read it.
I was waiting for you to
come home
and teach me what I
need to know.
- But if you haven't
got the same model as me
it'll be completely different.
- [Nana O.] Really?
Then you gotta come home
quick, read the manual,
and then teach me.
(Nana K. sighing)
- Where's Ren? Can't he
teach you?
He's the one who bought
it for you.
- [Nana O.] He just left.
- Oh, right.
He's leaving for the tour
early in the morning, isn't he?
- Yeah, how'd you know that?
- Uh, 'cause Ren said something
about it yesterday, I guess.
- He did?
- Yeah. I'm sure he did.
- [Nana O.] So where are you?
When are you coming home?
- Yeah, well, the thing is,
I'm sort of hanging out at
a friend's place right now
and I might stay the night.
- Oh, so you have some other
friend
who lets you sleep over
that I don't know about?
- Uh.
- Is it a boy?
- No, I'm over at Jun's.
(Nana O. laughing)
- I'm just teasing. You
don't have to freak out.
Alrighty then,
guess I'll just have to figure
out the phone on my own.
Say hi to Junko for me.
- [Nana K.] I can't tell Nana.
I don't want her to know.
I don't want her to think I'm
a slut.
She'd never look at
me the same.
(soft dramatic music)
What I want more than
anything in the world
is to find true love.
Just the same as you Nana.
I want to have something as
strong
as the connection that
exists between you and Ren.
The truth is that I'm not
okay with what I'm doing here.
I don't wanna have a one
night stand with Takumi
and get dumped in the morning.
What should I do?
Nana, I'm scared, but it's
too late to turn back now.
I can't tell him that
I want him to love me.
This isn't good.
I could end up getting
hurt all over again.
- [Junko] So, what do you
think this alibi's all about?
- I have no idea. Nana's
roommate's a woman, right?
- Hmm.
But she's so tough and
protective of Nana
that sometimes I wonder.
Nana seems to be so
totally obsessed with her,
it wouldn't surprise me
if there was something
going on between them.
Not that it makes any difference
to me.
- Oh really?
- Something's fishy.
- Oh yeah, like what?
Um, Junko, you haven't had
that much to drink, have you?
- I think I smell a new
boyfriend in Nana's life.
I just hope she hasn't
fallen for a guy so dangerous
that she has to hide
him from her roommate.
- [Nana K.] As I was lying
there,
Takumi's long hair rained
down on me, all over my body.
I loved the touch of it
against my skin so much
I hoped he would never cut his
hair short.
Even though I knew I might
never be able to touch it again.
(pen scratching)
(pen clattering)
(footsteps tapping)
(door squeaking)
He said I made it hard for him
to leave,
but he sure managed to
leave in a hurry.
Always in a rush.
The prince has many things
to attend to, you know.
I should get outta here.
My carriage has turned
back into a pumpkin.
(Nana K. moaning)
I can't, I don't
have the energy.
It's like I have nothing
left to hold me up.
I've gotta get it together.
I've got to return to reality.
I'll look for a new job
in the morning, any job.
And this time I'm gonna take
it seriously and work hard.
Huh? Damn.
The last train's already gone,
and I don't have enough
money to take a cab home.
I guess I'll just have
to spend the night here.
Anyway, it's the only time
I'm ever gonna get a chance
to stay somewhere like this.
(Nana K. gasping)
(soft emotional music)
(Nana K. sobbing softly)
The last day of the tour
is July 8th, here in Tokyo.
I don't have a ticket, so I'll
just cook something delicious
and have it ready for you at
home.
I'll be here waiting,
hoping that you'll come.
- What? You hung out with Yasu?
What the hell? Why didn't you
invite me?
- Shut your mouth, blondie.
I'm trying to read over here.
- Huh? (Naoki groaning)
So how's he doin'? Is he okay?
- He's fine, I guess.
Hasn't changed a bit
since we last saw him.
- He's still a skinhead, isn't
he?
- Yeah.
- Nose still pierced?
- Uh huh.
- So, what else?
What's he up to these days?
- Geez, enough with all the
questions.
I'm tired and I wanna catch some
Zs, okay?
Anyone wanna switch seats?
- Sure. I don't mind switching
with Naoki.
- Hey Take, which side of the
train
is Mount Fuji gonna be on?
I wanna get a good look
at it. Come on, tell me.
- Takumi?
- Yasu, he's a big lawyer
now apparently.
- Uh huh. That isn't
what I was gonna ask you.
- But you wanted to know, didn't
ya?
- You mean they let him practice
law looking like that?
(Takumi laughing)
- Lookin' like that.
- So he really did it.
His dream came true.
Good for him.
- Actually, he was a senior in
college
when he decided to take the
bar exam
and he still managed
to ace the thing.
That guy's so smart it's crazy.
- Wow.
- Why is that crazy?
- Sit down and shut up, blondie,
it's got nothin' to do with you.
Anyway, he moved to Tokyo so
he could play with his band.
So now his dream's to become
a professional musician.
- What? He's in Tokyo playing
with a band?
- Yeah. It's the same band Ren
was in before he joined us.
Once they moved here they had
to find a new bass player,
but they found one so now
they're really goin' for it.
- What the hell is this?
He always said he could never
take playing music seriously,
and it would only ever be a
hobby to him.
I don't understand.
- I know, it sucks.
You want me to rough him
up for you or somethin'?
- What I don't get is why he
decided to change his mind now.
- Yasu!
(footsteps tapping)
I thought you quit smoking.
Oh, whatever. You can finish it.
I know you've only
been playing along
with this stop smoking
plan whenever I'm around.
Just do whatever you want from
now on.
You're all Mr. Nice Guy
on the surface,
but who knows what you
get up to behind my back.
What else are you
hiding from me?
- Uh, nothin' worth mentioning.
- Nothing? You sneaky bastard.
This time I'm really pissed
off with you.
How come you never told me you
used to go out with Reira?
- Oh, that. I'm sorry.
- Reira's singing made that
big an impact on you, huh?
As if you didn't know.
- I said I'm sorry.
- I gotta say, she really
was great on stage.
Watching her, I was so jealous.
I felt like I couldn't compete.
Has she always been that good?
Was she a born singer?
A natural talent?
- Maybe.
(Nana O. groaning)
Well, if nothing else
she's got abs of steel.
- Huh. I guess if anyone
would know, it'd be you.
- Where's Hachi? Isn't she
coming today?
- Nobu, you've been asking
the same thing all night.
- Tell me Nobuo, are you
in love with Hachiko?
- No way.
It's just weird not havin' our
resident audience member her.
- But Hahci's just one person.
- I wanna do a show! Ah!
I need to sing so bad!
- Sure, let's go for it.
We've been offered
the chance to play.
- Hmm?
- What? No way, where?
- Same place we
played last time.
We drew a good crowd
so they asked if we
wanted to come back.
- Let's do it.
- [Both] Alright.
- That morning I applied for
three jobs;
a dental receptionist,
a supermarket cashier,
and working the phones at a
pizza place.
I got rejected by them all.
Why won't they hire me?
What's wrong with me?
- Did they ask why you got
fired from your old job?
- Yeah, I told them it was
'cause my old boss thought I
was a slacker in the office,
but I promised I
was gonna shape up
and take the whole work thing
more seriously from now on.
- You told them you got fired
'cause you goofed off and did
nothing?
How stupid.
(Nana K. gasping)
Nana, you gotta realize if you
go chasing after any old job,
the same thing's gonna
happen again and again.
What you need to do is
find a job that suits you.
- And what kinda
job would that be?
- Well, I don't know.
There's gotta be some kind
of work you enjoy doing.
We've just gotta figure out
what sort of job suits your
personality.
When people like their
job, they do better work.
That's all the
motivation you need.
Like when you worked for
Mr. Mizukoshi at Sabrina.
You were surrounded
by stuff you loved,
you could dress all hip
and trendy,
and you had fun while you
were there.
Why don't you look
for another job like that?
(Nana O. slurping)
- Oh, she's right. That
makes total sense.
Mr. Mizukoshi. I
wonder what he's doing now.
- Don't start thinkin' about him
again.
- But I
do wonder.
I know I never told you before,
but I kinda had a crush on
him when I worked there.
- Only kind of? It was
obvious you wanted him.
So tell me something.
Mizukoshi and Takumi
both have long hair.
Do you have a fetish?
- No I do not.
- Why are you overreacting?
- Because you're being weird
and it's freaking me out.
- Why is it weird?
I like guys with short
hair, it's no big deal.
Just a preference.
- I don't have a type.
Takashi had short hair.
- Takashi?
- And so did Shoji.
(Nana O. gasping)
(Nana K. gasping)
- I don't know what you
classify as short,
but Shoji's hair looked
long to me.
- Really?
- Well, I guess it isn't
exactly a crew cut.
- While we're on the subject of
Shoji,
do you feel like
you're over him yet?
- Hmm.
- You should hurry up
and get a new boyfriend,
with long hair.
- [Nana K.] I couldn't bring
myself
to tell her about me and Takumi.
And because of who he was,
I couldn't even tell Jun.
I had no one to talk to.
I'd never fallen in love like
that before.
And it was painful.
- Hey Shoji, are you really
moving?
- Shoji's moving in with
Sachiko?
That was fast. They're quite
the lovey-dovey couple.
- Well, good for them.
In a way I'm kinda jealous.
Young love, exciting and new.
(Junko sighing)
- Those were the days.
- Yeah.
(soft hopeful music)
- [Nana K.] Eventually
I worked up the guts
to get in touch with Takumi
by sending a text message
while he was on tour.
But he never replied.
Hey, Nana. I've always adored
you, Nana.
I wanted to be like you.
(soft upbeat rock music)
I still feel that way.
So please, sing for me
one more time.